I got this for my husband who is a huge Marvel fan and it worked really well! Nothing ever got stuck to it and it made amazing waffles. We used it about once a week. We purchased it in August so 3 months ago exactly and after making a couple waffles today it suddenly died. I thought it was odd that my waffles cooked extra fast and nearly burned today so I’m wondering if it some how it over heated. This was cool for as long as it lasted and i really enjoyed this but I will not be purchasing again for it to only last another 3 month. For the record, it never got wet or damaged at all.
Though very adorable I am disappointed in the effectiveness of the adhesive used. I was really excited to take pics of my baby boy for his one month milestone but after awhile found myself drained at the struggle. He was fussy but that was expected lol the one thing that would have saved a few of my nerves would have been if the sticker actually stuck to his onsie! I ended up just bootlegging it with some tape. That is all.
i wont take anything supplied from China. Everything tested to any degree ifs full of contaminents.
Video card didn't work - black screen. Comes with CD drivers but there's no CD drive. Am returning.
Am now waiting for refund. After looking everywhere for a different prebuilt to buy, I may just end up buying this AGAIN and hoping I get one that actually works.
Arrived broken off the handle in the box. If it couldn't survive shipping, can't imagine you could pound anything with this. Maybe better for display. Very disappointed as this was a Christmas for my father-in-law.
 The Below Review is the exact expirience you will receive.
At first, this computer seems Amazing.
Yet, after two days mine died. The manufacturer was extremely reluctant to help. If it weren’t for amazon I would be out a computer for a month becuase CyberpowerPC only wanted to send me replacement parts, and they would take 3 weeks to cross ship. I would also have to install the part myself. Now for those who are skeptical, no I didn’t receive a lemon. 60% of PC’s purchased through CyberPowerPC have the same issues as I. Now, if your willing to fake the computer apart, the common issue is a defective motherboard and low voltage PSU. Buying both of these parts at high quality would run you about $200. As a said, 60% of these PC’s have issues. So if your willing to risk it, 40% don’t. Also, your secure with Amazon on your side. Just don’t expect anything from the manufacturer.
Below is the review of my PC BEFORE it crashed. So yes, the PC is great. WHEN IT WORKS. Until I receive my new Unit from Amazon and there is a form of compensation, this review will stay posted.
Best Price for Performance Ratio in Its Class.
Beautiful case, amazing color scheme. Runs 90% of games at 1080p Ultra 60 FPS. Would HIGHLY recommend the i5-8400 version. Internals are easily accessible. Well designed keyboard and mouse. Only downfall is the lack of SSD, but in terms of performance that is irrelevant. For those of interested Installing one isn’t cheap, and it’s lengthy due to the neccisary reinstallation of Windows. Only those who seek speedy load / boot times would benefit from such an upgrade. Otherwise it’s unnecessary. External SSD’s are also an option. In terms of future use, this computer comes with an MSI branded B360M Motherboard. This motherboard is newer, and supports the latest 8th gen Intel CPU. (Another reason to spend the extra $20) For those who want to keep this computer 5-10 years. It’s definitely feasible. I recommend the 4 year warranty from square space. They really reputable and the same plan can be found at staples for $150 more...
Summary:
Purchase i5-8400! For $20 extra your truly benefiting. Newer CPU, more cores, and a newer motherboard.
Pros: $400 graphics card
MSI B360M w/ 4 ram slots
Above average cooling, yet
Room for improvement.
Nice MSI RX 580
Great Case
Overall High Performance for a low price
VR Ready
Cons:
CPU is not a K, so therefore it is not overclockable.
Yet! It has not proved to be a drawback, just limits the CPU’s longevity.
Too Large a footprint.
PSU is only 450w. Cannot support larger GPU’s or a more demanding CPU
This PC has the best parts you can find for the price point. If you were to build yourself, depending on your preferred retailer, this setup could cost you more. For those who are skeptical of the low price, it’s only becuase CyberPowerPC buys in bulk, so the parts are much cheaper for them than consumers. Also they buy direct from the manufacturer, which avoids the rising costs in computer parts due to crypto mining rigs.
The ingredients listed on the product label do not match the product description on Amazon. The first three ingredients, in order, are potato starch, water, corn starch. Do not buy this product.
I originally purchased in August 2016 and I loved it so much, I reordered it again without a second thought. That's where I went wrong...

When I first applied the product to my face, I noticed a slight burning sensation. I didn't think much of it, and left it on for the full time. When it "dried" it still felt tacky (despite the very thin layer applied) and didn't give me the same results as before.

After reading reviews I see I'm not the only one disappointed with this "new" mud mask. The first 3 ingredients are potato starch, water, and corn starch...

If it works for you, that's great. But I'm returning this product and am now on the hunt for a new mud mask.
Ist review I really like this mask. I've been using it for about a month I can definitely see the lines on my forehead fading I'm 33 and I tan so I am appreciating this product
2nd review This mask is completely different Has different ingredients Does not tighten face. Does not work like the other one at all. I clicked on order again on same product and they sent me something similar to the 1st container but there was something very different inside. I am very disappointed Wish I could contact seller to see if I could get what I got the 1st time because it was the best mask I have ever used. This new one is no good at all!!
I used to LOVE this product when it really was "pure" and "natural." The ingredients have changed dramatically in the last year, making the top ingredients potato and corn starches. Gross. Thanks but no thanks.
The product advertises on the container to "help clear acne" when it actually intensified my acne even more.
It also takes more than 15 minutes to dry, even with a thin, translucent layer. It didn't finish drying after 30 minutes in fact and when I washed it off, I saw that what acne I had before had turned even more red and smaller acne bumps had formed on my cheeks.
Also, I should mention that it gives off a light cologne smell similar to the smell of Abercrombie stores. It makes me sick.
I'm really disappointed. Buyers beware that this product is non-returnable and non-refundable as well.
I really wanted this to work for me since I read many positive comments. I wanted this product to help my acne and eczema. However, it hasn't helped either problem. It made my eczema worse and did not help my acne at all. I wish it would have helped because I didn't care how much it cost, I just wanted positive results.
I wanted to love this. I really, really, really did. Unfortunately, with my skin type, it breaks me out every single time I use it. I feel like it has a nice smell, it definitely makes my skin super smooth after it's washed off, but it just didn't work for me. I had to give it one star, but it might work for you.
If you have sensitive skin like mine. Than this product is not for you. I started breaking out in high numbers after using this product only onces.
I was very excited to try this mud mask. I never buy anything considered cosmetic in nature, so this was a first. I do have moderately sensitive skin which typically is more dry than oily. So I followed the directions, washed my face and applied with a brush. As soon as I started to apply it to 1/4 of my face I felt a burning sensation. I figured that it was cleaning my pores, by the time I got to the end, I ended up washing it off my face because my face had turned bright red underneath the gray mask. After cleaning it off I had to put some lotion on my face because it had dried it out so much after less than a minute. I'm hoping my face doesn't break out!!! Plus side it made my pores smaller.
yer Beware! The company has updated the picture to reflect the one with artificial ingredients and "blended in China". If you read the older reviews, you'll mark the difference from what was originally distributed. There is a difference in quality as well. AND.. not return eligible (even though the seal is intact).. Wish there was a way to select the old original product. That was wayyy better.
I had a severe allergic reaction to this mask that lasted for 5 full days! It was horrible! My skin became red, itchy, and raised--and that lasted for all of those 5 days! People could notice something was wrong, even with make up on.
I was so hopeful it would work. Unfortunately it did not for me. I will say it went on easily and came off easily. It did not have a bad smell. It did not feel tight like other masks on my face while drying. I just can't say that it made any difference. My face actually broke out after using it
Potato starch first ingredient.
I bought the mask in 7/2017, manufactured in 2/2017. My first two listed ingredients are potato starch (then water) and corn starch. Mud is not listed until 6th. I wish I had had a chance to try this before they changed the ingredients. I am going to switch to artnaturals brand and try that.
Warning - Despite the fact that the amazon product description appears to include the full ingredient list, the ingredients listed on the box includes fragrance! Unfortunately another example of the fact that you can’t trust the information on Amazon even when it appears to be transparent and complete. I feel tricked.
I read the reviews and bought this product to try on. Very disappointed! The product itself is ok but most of the reviews are exaggerated. i will not buy again. I rather use Beauty diary masks than this, which I have been using for over 10 years and still use it today.
These masks were relatively dry and do not adhere to the face very well nor for very long. In fact, I did not finish the package and ended up tossing them away. Pretty much a waste.
Not impressed. Biggest negative factor is that when the serum dries, it creates a shiny layer which then pills on the face and even rubs onto the hair, essentially making it look like you have dandruff or boogers in your hair. Not the look I was going for.
What makes me sad to think, is how do they get this snail slime?? Do they have a farm of snails and ...god knows how this process works but it doesnt sound humane to me. Would not purchase for this reason alone :(
Trash product. They put snails in a bucket and terrify them, that’s how they get the secretion. I know snails are just snails but still. Please imagine living a life terrified so people can have a smooth face...get outta here.
Pc for supper hot, all vents stopped work for now reason so I opened the side of it to check what happens and because it’s a glass side that got extremely hot it just shredded in my hands.
Will not suggest this to anyone.
I ordered this product based on its price and features. The hard drive in my computer malfunctioned. I have written to tech support about obtaining a replacement hard drive, and 8 days has passed. I have received NO response from the company whatsoever.
I went from very happy with this computer to very very unhappy.

5 weeks since buying the computer, the it just randomly shutdown. The power supply (which after some more reading is absolute junk) died completely.

Requested customer support on the cyberpowerpc website via their online chat (which is always offline) and tech support email via their own contact form. One week later, the company still hasn't bothered to reply to me.

I had to buy a new power supply and fit it myself in order to get the computer up and running - so another $109 on top of the cost of the PC and a week offline.

Finally - the company offers a free headset when you let them know you've posted a review - I posted, was told it was on the way.. 1 month later.. nothing.

Absolute worst customer service I've received from a company in a VERY VERY long time.

For those of you who are interested in buying this computer, please consider getting a new power supply immediately, and I would definitely recommend doing some googling on CYBERPOWERPC power supply issues.
It boots super fast and seems like a great machine so far, except for an issue I'm having with the Bluetooth adapter. Opened a support ticket online with Cyberpower and I might as well have dropped it into a blackhole for all the response I'm getting. I'm pretty steamed about that. If they offered better support I wouldn't hesitate to give this 4-5 stars.

8/4/2017: Update on support issue
Used their system to submit a support ticket, never got a response. I phoned in at the exact time they opened and talked to someone pretty quickly. They were supposed to email me links to drivers I needed to reinstall, in 5 minutes. 8 hours later they haven't come. Now I'm trying the "chat" tool. It said my wait would be 3 minutes... that 3 minutes took 30 minutes oddly enough.
Well first off I ordered this computer and received it. And finally got all the updates and pubg downloaded and everything was going great. Played 2 games and then all of the sudden the motherboard dies. So I exchange it thru Amazon and get another one. And in the new one the graphics card and internet card were both messed up not letting me update drivers or install discs. But finally got it working with new graphics and nic card. So far Comp is great! Only 2 days in tho.
First of all I'd like to say I bought this product from a retailer and not amazon. I purchased it brand new from Electronic Express and it worked great for the first month and a half.

The computer itself is great. Keeping your base programs and windows on your SSD makes it boot up extremely fast. The GPU while not up to date can still play any game on the market as of May 2017 at at least high settings and supports dual or even triple monitors though your amount of ports are limiting. I wish there were more USB connections but the mother board is a bit budget, but it gets the job done so I can't complain. The 2tb hdd offers massive amounts of storage, way more than I could fill up with all of my games, school work, personal files like picures and music, and more

The issue was the computer itself staying powered up. At most the tower would stay powered on for about half an hour and then it would power off completely, and then turn back on, then off, then on, then off repeatedly in 3-4 second intervals.

Since I purchased the warranty I contacted the tech support for cyberpowerpc and that experience has lackluster on its own. They first instructed me to do the green to black paperclip PSU test and the PSU testing good so that wasn't it. They the suggested to remove each stick of RAM (properly known as reseating) and try booting it up with each individual stick, which would VOID THE WARRANTY so I haven't gone through with it yet, mentioned it to the help desk rep guiding me through the process and he has yet to respond to me.

Overall my first cyberpowerpc product and experience have been extreme let downs, especially considering I am currently enrolled as a student in a IT program and this is my only medium for school work at home.

Their customer service is slow and takes an average of one day to return one email even if it's waiting for them in the morning.
I love, love, love Justin Bieber (yes I am a Belieber, and this is coming from a hardcore grunge/punk fan). The kid has talent and some uber-catchy tunes to boot. But this CD came damaged in some weird way. It only plays a few tracks (thankfully it plays the hits) but half of the CD will not even play.
I honestly gave it a try. I put my personal opinions about him aside and attempted to give his music, like any artist I never had listened too, a chance. Yes that is correct, I've never heard a Bieber song before this album. All I've every known about the man is what I've read in the news, hence personal feelings aside. I really wanted to know if Bieber had talent. I don't get the appeal. If you compare other artists within his genre, Ariana Grande, Laspley...etc, you'll realize that he's not even in their league. He's a pretty white boy from Canada who lucked out with his success. He got the winning ticket, because if ANYONE thinks he made it through talent, then they are sorely mistaken. I had to force myself to listen. I didn't enjoy anything. The beats are mediocre, the lyrics are dismal, and his voice isn't for me. I ended deleting the MP3 from my library because it wasn't worth the memory it took up. If I had to choose between swallowing razor blades and listening to Bieber again, I'd have to think about it long and hard.
Music and society have changed drastically since the days of my youth. Gone are the wistful tunes of true R&B and in it's place we find club bangers and background noise. I can deal with some of the music here but a lot is just trash. On top of that I can't believe they allow this girl to pose shirtless on her album cover! I don't know which female pop singer is worse between Justine Bieber and Miley Cyrus. Ms Bieber has the foundation for talent but she lets her hormones get in the way instead of letting her hair down. Kids these days will be trying to get closer than a foot apart to dance to this. I keep my ruler handy at school dances for young whippersnapper music such as Ms Biebers. In any sense Terrance and Phillip are still the best singers to come out of Canada and I don't see a change of guard anytime soon.
This is what is the worst about modern music. Generic, boring, terrible style, terrible song writing, and more us of auto tune and studio vocal alterations. I would love to hear Justin Bieber just sing in his own voice acoustic some pretty ballad or nice song. I seen a couple old You Tube videos when he did this and he almost sounded like a good singer. This stuff is just garbage, anyone who listens and buys this stuff is being force fed the music industries garbage. Listen to a few of the remaining song writer or real singers today or go back into the 90's, 80's, 70's and than you will hear something.
if this cat would just work on his voice and make songs that are challenging
and not settling for trying to be cool, than he might have something
however this album sounds like ringtones
and just are ordinary cuts. he still hasn't made that one cut yet
that truly takes him anywhere. he is truly one of the Most Overrated acts ever.
voice is marginal on a really good day,however he lacks any depth in what
he puts out.
Well, well... here we have more of the same old homogenized tripe from our good old friend, Mr. Bieber. Here he is, once again attempting (and in some cases, succeeding o_O) to win over an older crowd, but in all honesty, is he even trying to differentiate himself from anyone else in the mainstream industry with this album? Is he even making any attempt to stand out from the homogenized cookie cutter crowd? Hardly.

Seriously, I find it to be beyond pathetic that so many people like to say things like "He's the greatest this, he's the greatest that, he's one of a kind, yada yada yada!" while in reality, this kid is NO DIFFERENT AT ALL from anyone else in the mainstream industry today (i.e. Chris Brown, Justin Timberlake, Selena Gomez, Ariana Grande, etc). Seriously, next to those others, there is really nothing special about him in the least bit. He is just doing the same thing everyone else is doing - following the common formula of making tracks (not songs) with generic, repetitive beats that make young people want to get up and dance in clubs, or the overly hackneyed theme about love, relationships and breakups that everyone has heard hundreds of times before. Yes, I know that is what young adults go through, but seriously... the way this kid does it is so uncreative and unoriginal, it isn't even funny. I need not say more.

Also, one thing on which I really have to put my foot down is seeing someone saying that he is "the Jimi Hendrix of this generation" (!!) This is just so wrong on every level, I am still trying to convince myself that I am trying to wake up from a horrible nightmare. Jimi Hendrix did more for music in just a few years than Justin will ever do in his life, and that is a fact. In simple terms, let me disprove this blasphemous notion: Jimi Hendrix practically perfected the rock guitar solo as we know it, creating a benchmark that was used to evaluate everything that came afterwards. He set the standard for guitar solos and technicality, henceforth changing the industry forever. Justin, on the other hand, is not changing the industry in any way whatsoever. He isn't inventing anything new or creative for music, and, like I said before, is just doing the same thing as everyone else, and simply copying the sound and style of similar cookie-cutter clones who have come before him (see my above paragraph). I think that ought to suffice.

Success DOES NOT equate to talent. Particularly in today's world, success equates to one thing and one thing only - MARKETING. Most of the pop singers, boy bands, etc. from the last 15-20 years or so would not even have careers if it wasn't for the way they look, and if it wasn't for the over-saturation of autotune in the industry. There are a countless number of contemporary bands/artists out there across a multitude of genres, be it r&b, industrial, rock, metal, hip-hop, etc. that have astronomical talent, and who work their butts off, and yet they barely even get the recognition they deserve, all because their music, no matter how high the quality, is not "marketable" enough. The fact that this clown (along with a slew of other cookie-cutter hacks) is more popular than Tarja Turunen, Van Hunt, Immortal Technique, Deathstars or Mindwarp Chamber (to name but a few) is a sad and painful reminder of how the media sadistically conditions millions of musically illiterate Top 40 fans the world over to believe that any artist or band not given radio airplay or media exposure is not as worthy as whoever is popular on the charts. This B/S ideology has been tragically embraced by these clueless drones for far too long, and it's time to wake up.

Legendary artists and bands from past decades (Bob Seger, David Bowie, Sting, Def Leppard, Motley Crue, Van Halen, U2, Enya, Alice Cooper, Marvin Gaye, Ronnie James Dio, The Temptations, Elton John, Billy Joel, Rush, Dire Straits, Black Sabbath, Judas Priest, Iron Maiden, Slayer, Pat Benatar, Billy Idol, Depeche Mode, Peter Gabriel, Phil Collins, Talking Heads, Prince, Roy Orbison, AC/DC, to name but a few) never would have had a chance in today’s market. These were, and still are (dead OR alive), REAL DEAL artists/bands who have always stood for talent, originality and musicianship over sex appeal or surface value. Justin P.O.S. Dweeber is not even a microscopic piece of dust compared to any of those legends. His name should never be mentioned with ANY of them. Heck, even the little toy soldier at the toy store can make better music than him. A Rolls-Royce Trent jet engine can make better music than him. Even the ANT crawling across the kitchen floor can make better music than him. Simply put, he is not worth $#!+… period!

In all seriousness, this kid is nothing more than another generic industry gimmick marketing tool being used by the demons at his record company to keep his musically illiterate audience blind, numb, deaf and IGNORANT to real issues and real music. Not only that, but the money and fame went to his head, turning him into a stuck-up, narcissistic, pompous @$$#0le who thinks he's better than everyone else, has a false sense of security, and knows NOTHING about music, art or culture in general. Justin is a piece of trash and a waste of time, and I really hope he one day gets what's coming to him.

If Chuck Schuldiner was alive, he'd MURDER this clown. And I mean rip him to shreds. Honestly, he hated the way mainstream music was going, even in the 1990s before he died an untimely death from brain cancer in 2001, so I can't even begin to imagine how he'd feel about the dark state of the industry today. But then again, he's lucky to not have to live in a world where garbage like what this Bieber clown puts out rules the charts.

Also, before ANY of you musically illiterate, brainwashed "Beliebers" respond to this review with things like "You're just jealous!" or "I'd like to see you become more famous than him!" or "How is it in your parents' basement?" in an attempt to disarm me, let me prove you all wrong with the following:

I have a college degree (from a HIGHLY prestigious university, no less), and a very successful career at one of the world's leading financial services institutions, at which I am highly respected by both peers and superiors alike. Not only that, but I am actually MORE successful than BOTH my parents. If anything, they need me more than the other way around. I certainly do not make millions, but NO ONE has to be a millionaire to survive or to be considered successful. I have PLENTY of money to buy food, pay my bills, pay my rent, and even spend on recreation and countless other forms of personal enjoyment. To top it off, I am the proud owner of a 2011 Jeep Grand Cherokee!!! I am actually VERY HAPPY AND PRODUCTIVE WITH MY LIFE!!! So why would I want to be rich? Unlike most young people in America, I am someone who, at the age of 29, knows how to be happy with what I actually DO have, as opposed to being unhappy with what I DON'T have. Middle-class citizens are generally happy with their lives. It has become very evident that the majority of this current generation places WAY too high of a value on being wealthy, and WAY too high of a standard on what it means to be "successful." In regards to being famous, I would prefer to keep the liberty of being able to be left alone when I want to be left alone, and being able to go out like a regular person without having to be heavily guarded from being mobbed by over-hyped fans or being harassed by paparazzi. I would especially prefer to keep the liberty of being able to have a private life of my own without the media constantly breathing down my back at every move I make, and not to mention journalists and news writers constantly gossiping about my personal life to the whole world. So now, your overused allegation of me being jealous of Justin being rich and famous has been utterly demolished. OWNED.
Old the older women where I work blast this all day long. There is something out of place about their fascination with this Canadian Squiggy Gone Wild. Having heard it (by fault) over our corporate loudspeakers, I can tell you that this recording has been squashed flat with special effects such as pitch adjustment, auto-tuning, de-essing, and everything it takes to make a stray alley cat howling after a battle with a mother racoon sound like a teenager howling from battle with hormones. It is not as bad as say Lil Wayne, but then I get why Lil Wayne does what he does. Bieber, on the other had seems be a Wanna-Be in SO MANY WAYS.....he's quickly becoming the male Miley Cyrus. Really, son? Is THAT who you wanna-be now? First Usher, then Snoop Dogg, and now Miley? And what's with the upside down crucifix on his little tummy and all the Illuminati Symbols? Is his next wanna-be leap Beyonce??? Well, at least she puts out...good urban music...not this pre-pubescent caterwalling stuff that apparently attracts post-menopausal women like flies to a dung heap! This is a waste of your money, ladies. I suggest you try some Otis Redding instead.
